This black card has 5 million
Think of it as payment for what you just did for me.
That's right.
Sister Luo Ying said that his junior brother is coming to see you today
This is extraordinary
Could it be his junior brother and our landlord?
So he didn't know it was me last night
That's right, I'm the junior brother written by Luo Yinshi
I'll be your landlord from now on.
I will accept this money.
You should take this money. Let's go
Ah ah that
Oh, yeah.
Can you be my boyfriend?
Ah no
Forget what I just played with, I'll take a walk
Just pretend
I want that guy Wang Fan to give up
I can give you another one for revenge.
Okay, but forget about the money
I didn't expect him to be a hard-hearted man
That's cute. Um, I have something else to do.
You have a good rest
Ah!
See you.
My stomach hurts.